todo.md, before:

----------------**TestRun**-----------------------------------

save files to internal storage android

import saves from folder


catch pokemon
delete catched pokemon, seperate area called lost&found?
save encountered pokemon to savefiles and read them
add pokemon to area, add new encountertype to area

treat multiple floors as the same encounter - logic

grab and save items
show items
add new items



add pokemon when name is entered, update pokemon after that



---STEPS TO TAKE FOR BETA---
*******************************Logic*************************
Create new games
save encountered pokemon, ~~defeated trainers~~ and ~~grabbed items~~ to savefiles and read them correctly ONLY READING LEFT, TEST WRITING

able to create new games
~~read trainerlist and can defeat trainers~~
~~read itemlist and can pickup items~~
How double battles?

export/import save data
add base stats, possible moves/abilities to base pokemon
update settings.py, also use settings.py for certain variables
export Trainer to showdown format
export route trainers to showdown format
export all trainers to showdown format
    optionmenu for single trainer, route, all
add / delete routes
rework saving
add game object inheritance to also allow http, keep it locally as well for crashes

removing pokemon automatically displays the first, update to show new position or 1 before??


********************************Kivy*************************
implement logic
implement swiping
add Exit game button
TrainerScreen global view, picture buttons -> defeat pokemon
Trainerscreen add images to button to change detailed view



****************************retropie**************************
Opencv to overlay on game



*****************************extras***************************
show all available pokemon per route vanilla games
show all available trainer data vanilla games
show all available items per route vanilla games

settings button front page
    show available areas per badge - option on or off (default off)
    message if 2 or more pokemon caught same route (default on) "you have already caught pokemon x on this route"
    checkmark after route name if pokemon already caught that route (default on)
    duplicate clause and evolutionary clause (default on)
    remember all caught pokemon, collected items and defeated trainers (default on) each own setting
    use a movelist to validate moves used
    amount of saves kept.
    option to change wallpaper
        check image(s) for copyright
        option to change updateTime for wallpaper

basic logic for getting encounters from rom hack documentation
read encountertable data from rom
    import pkhex file to display caught pokemon and update caught pokemon in areas
add window to make adding games easier
figure out how to change typings/ base stats in showdown, probably create own showdown from base showdown
add map to display encounters, in correlation with number of badges, colour coding
add nickname, shiny, level etc from caught pokemon
add list of moves
check if moves are valid, option in settings
new run option, clears all data and starts with clean slate
popup message, x removed
generate catchable pokemon by reading old savestates, only for blind nuzlockes. settings option, add statistics which pokemon was caught at every route
add non-canon pokemon with name and use own sprite or ?.png
sort route list option, own choice
When selecting route, automatically center route chosen when choosing other route
When selecting areatype for encounters, use scrollview to teleport to correct position and have all pokemon visible in a large layout

Commit message:

saves to Android's internal storage and copies it at startup, added fileRetriever class to relieve game object of accessing the files

todo.md, after:

----------------**TestRun**-----------------------------------

save files to internal storage android

catch pokemon
delete catched pokemon, seperate area called lost&found?
save encountered pokemon to savefiles and read them
add pokemon to area, add new encountertype to area

treat multiple floors as the same encounter - logic

grab and save items
show items
add new items



add pokemon when name is entered, update pokemon after that



---STEPS TO TAKE FOR BETA---
*******************************Logic*************************
Create new games
save encountered pokemon, ~~defeated trainers~~ and ~~grabbed items~~ to savefiles and read them correctly ONLY READING LEFT, TEST WRITING

able to create new games
~~read trainerlist and can defeat trainers~~
~~read itemlist and can pickup items~~
How double battles?

export/import save data
add base stats, possible moves/abilities to base pokemon
update settings.py, also use settings.py for certain variables
export Trainer to showdown format
export route trainers to showdown format
export all trainers to showdown format
    optionmenu for single trainer, route, all
add / delete routes
rework saving
add game object inheritance to also allow http, keep it locally as well for crashes

removing pokemon automatically displays the first, update to show new position or 1 before??
error? if 1 or more pokemon caught same route (default on) "you have already caught pokemon x on this route"

ugly solution, change saves for different phone. export to folder/over wifi to other device?, import from folder


********************************UI*************************
implement swiping
TrainerScreen global view, picture buttons pressed -> defeat pokemon
Trainerscreen add images to buttons to change detailed view



****************************retropie**************************
Opencv to overlay on game



*************************Settings*******************************
settings button front page
    show available areas per badge - option on or off (default off)
    
    checkmark after route name if pokemon already caught that route (default on)
    duplicate clause and evolutionary clause (default on)
    shiny clause (on)
    option to change wallpaper
        check standard image(s) for copyright

*****************************extras***************************
show all available pokemon per route vanilla games
show all available trainer data vanilla games
show all available items per route vanilla games

use a movelist to validate moves used
basic logic for getting encounters from rom hack documentation
read encountertable data from rom
    import pkhex file to display caught pokemon and update caught pokemon in areas
add window to make adding games easier
figure out how to change typings/ base stats in showdown, probably create own showdown from base showdown
add map to display encounters, in correlation with number of badges, colour coding
add nickname, shiny, level etc from caught pokemon
add list of moves
check if moves are valid, option in settings
new run option, clears all data and starts with clean slate
popup message, x removed
generate catchable pokemon by reading old savestates, only for blind nuzlockes. settings option, add statistics which pokemon was caught at every route
add non-canon pokemon with name and use own sprite or ?.png
sort route list option, own choice
When selecting route, automatically center route chosen when choosing other route
When selecting areatype for encounters, use scrollview to teleport to correct position and have all pokemon visible in a large layout
export import saves, files on android will be saved to internals storag and windows will exclude /games/*
settings button on front page, settings page two tabs, general and game specific based on game chosen
